new resource `azurerm_kubernetes_cluster_deployment_safeguard` (#31670)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster_deployment_safeguard.html.markdown

---

* `excluded_namespaces` - (Optional) A list of Kubernetes namespace names that should be excluded from Deployment Safeguards enforcement. This allows certain namespaces to bypass the configured policies.

* `pod_security_standards_level` - (Optional) The Pod Security Standards level to enforce. Possible values are `Baseline`, `Privileged`, and `Restricted`. Defaults to `Privileged` if not specified.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Kubernetes Cluster (same as `kubernetes_cluster_id`).

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/configure#define-operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when creating the Deployment Safeguard.
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Deployment Safeguard.
* `update` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when updating the Deployment Safeguard.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 30 minutes) Used when deleting the Deployment Safeguard.

## Import

> A Deployment Safeguard for a Kubernetes Cluster can be imported using the Kubernetes Cluster `resource id`, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deployment Safeguards can be imported using the `resource id`, e.g.
```

```shell

> terraform import azurerm_kubernetes_cluster_deployment_safeguard.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/resourceGroup1/providers/Microsoft.ContainerService/managedClusters/cluster1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
terraform import azurerm_kubernetes_cluster_deployment_safeguard.example /subscriptions/00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000/resourceGroups/group1/providers/Microsoft.ContainerService/managedClusters/cluster1
```
